[WIP] Document UseMemoryCache (#5116)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/dbcontext-configuration/index.md

| <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableDetailedErrors*>       | More detailed query errors (at the expense of performance)  | [Logging, Events, and Diagnostics](xref:core/logging-events-diagnostics/index)
| <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.ConfigureWarnings*>          | Ignore or throw for warnings and other events               | [Logging, Events, and Diagnostics](xref:core/logging-events-diagnostics/index)
| <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.AddInterceptors*>            | Registers EF Core interceptors                              | [Logging, Events, and Diagnostics](xref:core/logging-events-diagnostics/index)
| <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableServiceProviderCaching*> | Controls caching of the internal service provider          | [Service Provider Caching](#service-provider-caching)

> | <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.ProxiesExtensions.UseLazyLoadingProxies*>            | Use dynamic proxies for lazy-loading                        | [Lazy Loading](xref:core/querying/related-data/lazy)

Reviewer: @copilot Also list UseMemoryCache here

### EnableServiceProviderCaching

The <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableServiceProviderCaching*> method controls whether EF Core caches the internal service provider:

<!--
    public class ApplicationDbContext : DbContext
    {
        protected override void OnConfiguring(DbContextOptionsBuilder optionsBuilder)
        {
            optionsBuilder
                .EnableServiceProviderCaching(false)
                .UseSqlServer(@"Server=(localdb)\mssqllocaldb;Database=Test");
        }
    }
-->
[!code-csharp[EnableServiceProviderCaching](../../../samples/core/Miscellaneous/CompiledModels/BlogsContext.cs?range=18-22&highlight=2)]

**Default behavior**: Service provider caching is **enabled by default** (`true`). This means:
- Service providers are cached and reused across `DbContext` instances with the same configuration
- Better performance for applications that create many `DbContext` instances
- Lower memory overhead when multiple contexts share configurations

**When to disable caching**: You might want to disable service provider caching (`false`) in these scenarios:

> - **Testing environments**: To ensure each test gets a fresh service provider

Reviewer: @copilot merge this with the following point and rephrase

Using dependency injection, this can be achieved by either registering the context as scoped, and creating scopes (using `IServiceScopeFactory`) for each thread, or by registering the `DbContext` as transient (using the overload of `AddDbContext` which takes a `ServiceLifetime` parameter).

## Service Provider Caching

> EF Core uses an internal service provider to manage services required for database operations, including query compilation, model building, and other core functionality. By default, EF Core caches these internal service providers to improve performance when multiple `DbContext` instances share the same configuration.

Reviewer: @copilot Move this to the subsection and promote it to ##

        }
    }
-->
[!code-csharp[EnableServiceProviderCaching](../../../samples/core/Miscellaneous/CompiledModels/BlogsContext.cs?range=18-22&highlight=2)]

**Default behavior**: Service provider caching is **enabled by default** (`true`). This means:
- Service providers are cached and reused across `DbContext` instances with the same configuration
- Better performance for applications that create many `DbContext` instances
- Lower memory overhead when multiple contexts share configurations

**When to disable caching**: You might want to disable service provider caching (`false`) in these scenarios:
- **Testing environments**: To ensure each test gets a fresh service provider
- **Dynamic configurations**: When `DbContext` configurations change dynamically at runtime. This is especially true if configurations change dynamically

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.AddDbContext<ApplicationDbContext>(options =>
        options
            .UseSqlServer(connectionString)
            .EnableServiceProviderCaching(true)); // Default, but shown for clarity
}
```

> ### Memory Cache Integration

Reviewer: @copilot Promote to ##

## EnableServiceProviderCaching

EF Core uses an internal service provider to manage services required for database operations, including query compilation, model building, and other core functionality. By default, EF Core caches these internal service providers to improve performance when multiple `DbContext` instances share the same configuration.

The <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableServiceProviderCaching*> method controls whether EF Core caches the internal service provider:

```csharp
public class ApplicationDbContext : DbContext
{
    protected override void OnConfiguring(DbContextOptionsBuilder optionsBuilder)
    {
        optionsBuilder
            .EnableServiceProviderCaching(false)
            .UseSqlServer(@"Server=(localdb)\mssqllocaldb;Database=Test");
    }
}
```

**Default behavior**: Service provider caching is **enabled by default** (`true`). This means:

- Service providers are cached and reused across `DbContext` instances with the same configuration
- Better performance for applications that create many `DbContext` instances
- Lower memory overhead when multiple contexts share configurations

> **When to disable caching**: You might want to disable service provider caching (`false`) for testing environments to ensure each test gets a fresh service provider when `DbContext` configurations change test-to-test.

Reviewer: @copilot 
```suggestion
**When to disable caching**: Disabling service provider caching will greatly slow down `DbContext` creation and in the vast majority of cases the default behavior is recommended. If there are issues with incorrect internal services used, then they should be fixed in a different way. But if you are replacing services for testing purposes you could disable service provider caching (`false`) to ensure each test gets a fresh service provider.
```

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.AddDbContext<ApplicationDbContext>(options =>
        options
            .UseSqlServer(connectionString)
            .EnableServiceProviderCaching(true)); // Default, but shown for clarity
}
```

> ## Memory Cache Integration

Reviewer 2: This feels like it belongs in the [advanced performance topics](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/performance/advanced-performance-topics) page, not here. We should ideally be documenting by concern (modeling, performance, querying...).

Reviewer: @copilot Add a link to this section from ef/core/performance/advanced-performance-topics#query-caching-and-parameterization

The <xref:Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.DbContextOptionsBuilder.EnableServiceProviderCaching*> method controls whether EF Core caches the internal service provider:

<!--
    public class ApplicationDbContext : DbContext
    {
        protected override void OnConfiguring(DbContextOptionsBuilder optionsBuilder)
        {
            optionsBuilder
                .EnableServiceProviderCaching(false)
                .UseSqlServer(@"Server=(localdb)\mssqllocaldb;Database=Test");
        }
    }
-->
[!code-csharp[EnableServiceProviderCaching](../../../samples/core/Miscellaneous/CompiledModels/BlogsContext.cs?range=18-22&highlight=2)]

**Default behavior**: Service provider caching is **enabled by default** (`true`). This means:

- Service providers are cached and reused across `DbContext` instances with the same configuration
- Better performance for applications that create many `DbContext` instances
- Lower memory overhead when multiple contexts share configurations

**When to disable caching**: You might want to disable service provider caching (`false`) in these scenarios:

> **Testing environments and dynamic configurations**: To ensure each test gets a fresh service provider, when `DbContext` configurations change dynamically at runtime

Reviewer: @copilot combine these paragraphs and rephrase

> - **Testing environments and dynamic configurations**: To ensure each test gets a fresh service provider, and when `DbContext` configurations change dynamically at runtime

Reviewer: @copilot 
```suggestion
- **Testing environments and dynamic configurations**: To ensure each test gets a fresh service provider, when `DbContext` configurations change dynamically at runtime
```

And don't format it as a liat
